---
title: Homemade recipes for SPA at home
description: Homemade recipes for SPA at home
date: 2021-01-15
path: /Homemade-recipes-for-SPA-at-home
featuredImage: ./images/spa.jpg
featuredImageAlt: "aging"
tags: ["spa", "homemade"]
author: Melisa Laurini
---

Get ready to pamper yourself without feeling remorseful. With a few homemade recipes you can achieve a spa at home.

1. To illuminate your face
   You need:
   One lemon
   Three whole strawberries
   One banana

This homemade face mask is sure to brighten your tired complexion. Vitamin C in strawberries lightens dark spots, lemons, and bananas soothe.

Here is the SPA procedure:
Strawberries and bananas are cut into cubes, then mixed in a bowl and mashed. Add the juice of one lemon and apply on the face, avoiding the eyes. Leave for 15 minutes or until the mask starts to feel dry. Rinse with lukewarm water.

2. Rejuvenating manicure
   You need:

One lemon
Half a cucumber

If your nails are yellow, all you need to do is soak them. White lemon colors nails, and cucumber soothes dry hands.

SPA Procedure:
Cut the lemons and cucumbers in a bowl of lukewarm water. Soak your hands for ten minutes. Push the cuticles back as usual.

3. Exfoliating pedicure
   You need:

Magnesium sulfate
Olive oil
Brown sugar

We are sure that each of us has rough legs from time to time. To remove dead skin without the help of a professional, try this two-step pedicure. Magnesium salts relax tired legs, and brown sugar exfoliates the skin.

SPA procedure:
Soak your feet in warm water with magnesium sulfate salt for 10-15 minutes. Mix 2 parts olive oil with 3 parts brown sugar to create a rub. Rub on the feet and rinse thoroughly. Apply your favorite body lotion or foot cream. You can put on thick socks right away to retain moisture!

4. Soaking the body
   You need:

Milk Honey
Essential oil (lavender works great!)

This immersion is a traditional milk bath - it is said that Cleopatra did it all the time, so the routine practice has withstood the test of time. If you have a bathtub at your disposal, don't wait to try this relaxing, exfoliating bath. The lactic acid in milk helps to remove dead skin cells, and lavender and honey soothe and smell.

SPA procedure:
Fill the tub with warm water as usual by adding a small amount of lavender and honey essential oil (this helps the aroma to spread through the water). Mix with about 4 glasses of milk. Use whole milk or buttermilk regularly if you feel fantastic. Be sure to do a quick rinse with a shower afterwards!

5. Hair treatment
   You need:

Olive oil
Yes, that's all. This simple conditioning treatment works quite well.

SPA procedure:
Use hair shampoo, as usual, in the shower. Then apply 2-4 tablespoons of olive oil on damp hair (skip the roots if the hair tends to be oily). Wrap your hair in a towel and leave for 10-15 minutes. Rinse your hair well.
