---
title: DIY therapy for hands and nails howto , tips and tricks
description: DIY therapy for hands and nails howto , tips and tricks
date: 2021-01-18
path: /diy-therapy-for-hands-and-nails-howto-tips-and-tricks
featuredImage: ./images/handsandnails.jpg
featuredImageAlt: "hands and nails"
tags: ["hands", "nails"]
author: Melisa Laurini
---

**Treatment therapy** for **hands** and nails penetrates deep into **the skin**. It aims for deep and rich nourishment with vitamins and oils of rough or tanned skin.

**Treatment therapy** in several steps:

Treatment therapy is suitable for both older hand skin and to tolerate more external negative influences due to a **specific profession** and work with skin-damaging materials. Deep nourishing therapy is extremely useful in cold weather, but also for maintaining **healthy and beautiful hands **that appear immediately with your every communication with **people.** There is a wide selection of treatment** therapy products** that different companies offer at different prices. For this purpose, the most **advantageous series** must be selected depending on the needs of the customer. Usually**,** buying a whole series for a treating manicure is a slightly more expensive **set of products,** but the investment is worth it and you will **convince yourself** of this even after the first procedure It is good to apply a similar procedure to a **specialist nail artist** in a **beauty studio** due to the specifics of **the procedure.**

1. **Disinfect hands**

2. **Formed** on the nails by wasting in the desired shape;

3. **Placing a cream** for cleansing cuticles of the treatment therapy series;

4. **Dissolve** one ball of disinfectant, from the treatment therapy series, in warm water and dip your hands alternately for 5 minutes each in the manicure bowl;

5. **Clean the cuticles;**

6. Rubbing into the skin of the hand the cleansing agent from the series of **treatment therapy**, with the help of which you will clean your skin from dead cells (as we clean the skin with scrub in a simple manicure);

7. Removal of the product with a damp, warm cloth;

8. In cases of **skin pigmentation**, a bleaching serum from the treatment therapy kit is used;

9. Put the hands in **plastic gloves or an envelope**, wrapped hands in hot towels for 10-15 minutes and use warming gloves.
   In case you stop at the option with towels, you need to change them during a certain period and use **gloves** that are included in the mains and maintain a constant, **pleasantly warm temperature**;

10. Apply fat for cuticles and rub into the area of cuticles with massage movements;

11. Application of **antioxidizing fat** to the skin of the hands and massaged;

12. Repeat the procedure with nylon gloves or bags and put your hands in the warming gloves or wrap with towels again for 10-15 minutes;

13. Application of lotion and spread with massage movements (we can nourish the skin and to the elbows of the hands); Usually, this type of lotion **moisturizes and nourishes the skin** of the hands in depth after the pores of heat treatments have opened and the top layer of dead skin has been cleaned. The absorption of the product is complete and guaranteed depth;

14. In case you decide to varnish, which is not recommended, you need to thoroughly clean the oil on the nail plate on **each finger** in order to hold the varnish after the lotions; The cleaning can be done by using cotton soaked in disinfectant; Note that despite this procedure, the varnish may not linger long on your nails after this procedure; It is advisable to use only a strengthener or do not apply any varnish at least until the next day;

For the best effect, wait and make an appointment for a manicure for the next day.

You will quickly notice the difference from the treatment procedure, but remember that in order to have beautiful hands with healthy skin and you need to repeat the procedure, if not every month on cold days, then at least every few months.

Recommended products

[REVIX Microwavable Heating Mittens for Hand and Fingers to Relieve Arthritis Pain Heated Hands Mitts Warmers](https://amzn.to/2M17SDq)

[Chi Vitalizer Machine Complete Program for Weight Loss, Swollen Ankles, Fibromyalgia and More USJ-106](https://amzn.to/3axVAfg)
